# ntrwf

This mobile application entitled as "NTRWF" was developed by me for one of the community based organisations in West Bengal, India. This app is more of a community buddy app and is considered as one of the first in West Bengal. This app actually acts as yellow pages for a community, where the community members can post advertisement related to services which they can provide to the service with respective service related details. Based on the services posted, the community dwellers can avail those services based on their needs thus helping in flourishing local business and services within the community sitting within the comforts of home. It also provides a forum where the community members can discuss over common topics related to their community and blog as well. As another feature, this app provides a platform to the community members where they can sell off their commodities and buy as well. Users can post detailed advertisements of the commodities along with images which they intend to resale for. Besides these, this app provides a member directory of a community for communication. It also provides a notice board for notices as put by the organisation, a common place to read the popular news dailies of India and much more. I have used React Native along with firebase and firestore so that the application is accessible in most mobile devices irrespective of operatin system. Due to its popularity and uniqueness, this app got downloaded from playstore for 10000+ times and has a user base of 10000+ till now. This app due to its popularity, made headlines over national newspapers of India like that of "The Telegraph", "The Times of India" as well as few local newspapers.
Technologies used – React Native, Html5, Sass, Firebase

Read more about the project: https://joydasportfolio.web.app/Work/Details/cxmZ5KGJ6ss2vVtXYXO0
